Dawn Ninham: Hello.
Dawn Ninham: Hi. Hi. Let me turn you up when
Dawn Ninham: I finally figured out to turn that my TV. My PS4 off and then he went fix the router box down there. And hopefully, nobody else was on Wi Fi. So I guess perfect single right here.
Dawn Ninham: Yay. Yeah.
You've been building. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I've been busy. I'm actually I've had a lot more like my natural anxieties coming back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Dawn Ninham: Which sucks. Most of all, because I'm like that that shit sucks. You know, I mean, just a feeling of like Thomas smoking weed and I can say, okay, wait, I guess, through the EOD program.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What about what about through the DHS program.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, they said it's not a problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right. Good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you want to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Comply no matter what anybody else says you want to comply with whatever they tell you to do you know what I mean, because they're the one that's holding all the cards right now.
Dawn Ninham: Right, exactly. All the kids.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The whole nother cutter holding all the cards right
Dawn Ninham: Right and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I so
Dawn Ninham: I've been doing my workbook and I did.
Dawn Ninham: It. So there's a lot of reading. So, um, so I did chapter one, which I'm the new life diary. But I want to skip to like self imaging, you know, and do that one because I think that's, that would be my first people first thing is how I see myself.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what chapter is at
Dawn Ninham: Chapter
Dawn Ninham: Five or six level five
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: There's a reason why they're the books are created the way that they are. And so you want to follow suit and go through it step by step. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Dawn Ninham: I was thinking if I did it now and then did it again, you know, later on when I get to number the number five or whatever I want to see.
Prince, there was hope.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That sounds like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Fun. Yeah.
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely so out of the first chapter, you did the first chapter, or you read the first chapter.
Dawn Ninham: Oh, I read. It's like a huge long theme. And then you get to the, like, um, it says New Life diary statement one
Dawn Ninham: And then it says the exercise. Just to note that the last three years.
Dawn Ninham: Have been happy and unhappy under the input. So I put. I don't think I ever had a happy time. You don't mean like I was miserable throughout the whole thing. So like I'm I am happy is once over
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you get like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Go ahead. No, go ahead. What were you gonna say every time you happy.
Dawn Ninham: When I'm happy. Everybody else maybe maybe I'm sucking the energy out of them. When I walk into a room, I don't know, but I I have like
Dawn Ninham: Natural you know like positive energy, but it seems like the people that around me aren't happy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Mm hmm.
Dawn Ninham: Well, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Um, well, because we can't change anybody else. Right. It's about us and we have to stay in that positive mindset, no matter what, no matter what's going on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With the other people and their energy. And what happens is, you know, good always prevails over over bad. And it's that way with energy to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: As long as you stay positive. No matter what, no. As long as you stay on that mindset as long as you're feeding your mind positivity. As long as you're working your program feeding your brain recovery. You know what I mean. It kind of shuts that addictive side down a little bit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, you know, everybody else. It's their that's their stuff they can be happy. They can be sad. They can be mad frustrated, whatever. But you know for you. You've got to stay in that positive space and then they start the wrong then they start drawing that energy from you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like why why can't I be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, why can't I be happy. And why can't I, you know, it doesn't matter what happens, you keep a happy visit. You know what happened you smile on your face.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's about changing that mindset to, you know, when we is all we think about is negativity and how, you know, everything is screwed up and life is so screwed up, then that's the energy that we put out there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: chaotic mess.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But when we start the morning out, we start to the process out in our head with no matter what's gonna happen today I'm gonna I'm gonna face it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to have a smile on my face. And I'm going to walk through it with grace.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You keep this in your mind.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I like that.
Yes.
Dawn Ninham: That's what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how's it working.
Dawn Ninham: It just, it's working great for me. But yeah, I feel guilty because like everybody around me, and so I'm always saying what's wrong, what's wrong.
Dawn Ninham: You know, I mean like I maybe I should just leave it alone. Didn't don't worry about how they're feeling, but I do
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can present it in a way of, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Hi, how's your, you know, how's your day going, I hope it gets better. I hope you have an awesome day. You know, little words just of encouragement can change somebody's day
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. Yeah, but you don't have to carry what they're carrying. You don't have to carry those emotions, you know, from them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean. And you don't have to solve anybody else's problems you have to solve your own
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, that's what I got to work on. Yeah, that's true.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean, this is about dawn. This isn't about anybody else, you know, the kids are going to be coming home to dawn, they're not going to be coming home to anybody else. You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so your mindset needs to be focused inward on that piece. Instead of worrying about what you know everybody else is going through. You can be a listener.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But you've got to have
Dawn Ninham: People that I love like my daughter or my boyfriend or, you know, it's like those kind of people that's
Dawn Ninham: What I'm worried about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right, like
Dawn Ninham: They should be, they should be happy with me and around me. It just sucks it when they're happy. I'm upset I'm happy. They're upset, like what's going on here. Free spot but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It cake gets in line. Once everything you know cells down, there's not so much chaos. You know what I mean. And then it's almost like when you have a house full of women at one time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: After they've been living in the same area for a little bit of time. It's almost like their monthly cycle kind of comes together. And it's all the same date.
Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's
Dawn Ninham: Gonna be my it'll be my like my daughter, my daughter.
Dawn Ninham: Lady down there and then me I'm like oh shit I didn't start or something. But yeah, he
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, he is.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Dawn Ninham: Hey fast fattening fast food for two days in a row. And I felt really Chuck yesterday and I was looking at my dog. I'm like, whoa. She did you like it works retaining water, you know, I mean, but
Dawn Ninham: I felt chunky. So I have to go back to salads. I felt great first week I felt awesome and then obviously, I'm sorry. The fattening food and the
Dawn Ninham: You know, I mean like not getting the whole hour and a half nap and login 45 minutes
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, it makes a difference. You just saw the difference from eating good to eating. Not so good. And what the effects are on you that we don't even realize it has when we're eating that way every day.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
You know,
Dawn Ninham: Instead of doing that Metamucil when I couldn't go potty and using it as an excuse to go us because I couldn't go party, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: And I bought these five bills. They're like troubles.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For sending that working
Dawn Ninham: Daily good good to take to ya.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How many days you got
Dawn Ninham: I don't know. We used to count. And every time I get to 30 member, a long time ago. Like it would we always look up so I quit counting long time ago. I just know that you know today when I wake up, I'm staying sober and then
Dawn Ninham: Go through the day. And then when I go to sleep here. I mean, that's my plans are to get my kids back and if he's not. I've already talked to him, I said, long same page, then please let me know that and I'll be okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What he's a
Dawn Ninham: Toy one talk to him in a couple days and you still like, I think, I think a couple days today or tomorrow. He is let me know cuz I'm you know I don't want to wait till next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right right away.
Dawn Ninham: He has appointment at 830 on Friday.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, good.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, he did. I call for him. I usually call for my homie calls get an appointment by just let him handle it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what you gotta do step back a little bit and let them handle their own stuff because you know what, when we do things like that for other people, it doesn't
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: They don't get everything out of it that they should they have to do it for themselves, which shows a willingness
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A willingness to want to make those changes in the beginning, or even a contemplated willingness to say, you know what I'm going to make the call. I'm going to possibly engage in it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to explore my options, but that's it. And that's totally fine, because you can get, you know, that person will then get in the door at least
You know what I mean. Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what you know.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What
Dawn Ninham: I've been doing two books. This week I did the you know the beginners was that, and then I got the, um, goodbye hangovers. Hello life.
So I got I got book.
Dawn Ninham: And this one is like a huge story in detail of this lady's life and like it's a lot, you know, I'm just like, you know, get to the chapter where you recover, but there's
Dawn Ninham: Just a lot a lot of stuff. I'm thinking, um,
Dawn Ninham: But like Chapter two is coming up, I just realized I only have two pages so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's good. Yeah.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me the first chapter, you got what
Dawn Ninham: They were like dollar 50
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So tell me what your first chapter is about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Dawn Ninham: I'm in which book.
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Dawn Ninham: And the whole life was just about this lady in her life, her, her
Dawn Ninham: Journey, you know, from starting to be an addict and then I'm only, like, you know, three fourths of the way through. So, and then on the vendor selection and was just about the new life or when women for sobriety statement.
Dawn Ninham: The accepted statements that number one was
Dawn Ninham: I have a life threatening problem that once had me. I now take charge of my life and my well being. I accept the responsibility.
Dawn Ninham: And so that's why I said it said
Dawn Ninham: Be totally under the influence last three years and then unhappy times
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I got that far. And then, so now I'm going to do, chapter two, I should do what every day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: No matter what
Dawn Ninham: So I will do. I'm gonna go ahead and just do the self imaging one like for me because I want to go back and look at it in six months. See my thought to myself,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: How are you feeling
Dawn Ninham: I'm, I'm, I don't know my anxiety is getting a little worse here and there, but
Dawn Ninham: But I'm the least said breach, like, oh, she's like, you're doing great breweries. Just keep breathing. I'm like, wow, I don't even know I was stressed out, you know, you guys. You're like, What is going on here. So, you're doing great. Just three is
Dawn Ninham: Like I almost feel like I'm like
Dawn Ninham: You know, The Truman Show.
Dawn Ninham: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No.
Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I almost feel like you know like
Dawn Ninham: That but that's just thought
Dawn Ninham: It's a joke.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And who, who is this lady that said that you
Dawn Ninham: Have the lady at the Patriot gas station.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, okay. Any word, any word from the Lydia that called you, that's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The advocate.
Dawn Ninham: Yes, I'm actually we had an appointment on Friday at 10 o'clock, and when I woke up in the morning, ready to go. All of a sudden our phone without we had
Dawn Ninham: Told me that, but I was responsible went to DHS to at Northwest and Washington and ask them to call her on the phone because I didn't have no data.
Dawn Ninham: We're all supposed to be on the phone. Anyway, we get in there, they call twice only got her voicemail.
Dawn Ninham: And I'm thinking, well, that's weird. You know, I mean, like, why would it not be answering the phone. So then I'm
Dawn Ninham: Delivering delayed you left her voice message I wrote everything down. So I already had it right there with me wrote down the lady's name that witnessed it the call deleting you know
Dawn Ninham: Called the other one of her name is Carolyn Perkins, by the way.
Dawn Ninham: And then
Dawn Ninham: So then we leave because I had an appointment with the doctor 11 o'clock and then. Oh, she didn't text me back until Monday, I think it was
Dawn Ninham: Saying that she wanted to meet up or yesterday she wanted me up today or yesterday. And so I'm just going to double my plans. Today, I'm going to go with you. I'm going to put my socks, shoes on and then go to see if I can meet up with her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good.
Dawn Ninham: And I want to get
Dawn Ninham: Face to
Dawn Ninham: Face. But if she's not going to be there, then at least I want like you know the worker and somebody else to be there. She wants everybody to be on the phone. So I'm good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good, good, good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to go down to DHS and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And get that process rolling to talk to her.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. Yes. Before she makes her coin or court, whatever it is, or recommendation. I want to talk to her.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, and she has to talk to you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: She can't make a recommendation about
Dawn Ninham: Oh, I didn't know that. I'm like, oh my god, she got put into a negative review. You know, like we are done.
Dawn Ninham: But, um, no, she got
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can't good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how's your kids doing
Dawn Ninham: Oh my god, my girls are doing good right actually true cleanest over June 21 of the year and then she's gonna
Dawn Ninham: Come back here foster care, since they caught her place Cherokee is on the currently I think on the on are not reading the foster parent knows where she's at now.
Dawn Ninham: But she just can't handle being at the house, I guess, constantly. So, and they needed to give her a little bit more space. So they're working that out. And then my older daughters doing good.
Dawn Ninham: A
Dawn Ninham: 22 year old in a while, you know, break it down and do everything to doing that work.
So I'm not strong enough to
Dawn Ninham: Do and then my boys. My, my, I got lucky. I love year old. He's just cries, every time we get on the visits, because he just missed it as hell. You could see the face.
Dawn Ninham: Or it's it's sad but and he still doesn't talk to a therapist.
Dawn Ninham: They were actually wrote it down yesterday, so hopefully he'll get you that in my five year old. He's just, you know, loud and rowdy and like spunky
Dawn Ninham: And my team yesterday there yeah my babies. Good. He just keeps saying Hi. Hi.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh,
Dawn Ninham: I just want to hold them. I actually got on the phone. Two days ago when I was waiting for the doctor I checked in 20 minutes early, and then I got on the thing. And I was thinking, man, I gotta get this going. You know what's going on. So I went to the grand jury have done County.
Dawn Ninham: And I put in a complaint or grievance and put my name on there and but you know like what, you know, the scope is done and that I wanted to hold and see my kids, my kids, you know,
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Good.
Dawn Ninham: And there's the witnesses. I put Jeff. Jeff down as a witness and my aid.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In your aid.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah. That's just awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome, awesome.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you're going to work on your workbook every day.
Dawn Ninham: Right, every day, then
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can you do one chapter every day. And what are you doing as far as meetings go you still going.
Dawn Ninham: Oh well, I want to see what's your name on tomorrow, Thursday, and then she's gonna look because they gave me this ID number for the zoom app. And I tried doing it again, and it did not work again.
Dawn Ninham: And so I'm like, What is going on here like she gave me the numbers I needed but I put them in. Let me go to that. So show tomorrow, I'm sure. Let me. I'm going to take the phone in there and have her, you know, let me show you exactly what to push
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
We doing wrong.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe there's a
Number of missing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Maybe there's a number missing.
Dawn Ninham: So I thought
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's the county name that you're going to see that you're
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Working with over there.
Dawn Ninham: Um, I don't know, I guess we have our intake. I guess it's an intake. I've already did the paperwork part where sign all is really simple mentions, but am I going to do an intake tomorrow with her where she asked me a bunch of questions. So
Dawn Ninham: It took an hour.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Now that's about bio psychosocial
Open
Dawn Ninham: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So asking all kinds of in depth questions.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, like a bright her, didn't the initial intake appointment or whatever. Yeah.
Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: And I'll call families, stuff like that as well.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's what it's about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you stayed consistent with emails and checking in and I like that open communication because
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If anything comes up people
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah I don't freak out. Now, don't freak out and
Dawn Ninham: You don't mean I just like I'm upset or whatever. But I don't say anything. I keep it to myself. And then I either, you know, text you how I'm feeling or what I'm thinking and then leave it at that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, good. Because when you're working with, with outside entities. You want to DHS, you know, the court, you want to hold your composure. You know what I mean. Because the minute that you show any kind of emotion, you know, you're, you're either, you know,
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Totally. And so you want to hold your composure. So if that works for you, for you to be able to get it out in an email before you, you know, deal with them been doing. Keep doing it that way. That's totally fine. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It gives you an avenue and i'm i'm reading them watching them.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Know what I mean. So I just want to tell you that
Dawn Ninham: Awesome.
Dawn Ninham: Okay guys, I'm thinking, well, maybe I wonder where she didn't email back. I'm like, probably because it was all negative and she had nothing, you know, she just didn't want me to keep doing about it or I don't know but
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Sometimes just putting it on paper and you know what I mean. And knowing that somebody is reading it, you know, this just how you were feeling in the moment. It doesn't mean it's how you you're going to feel all day. Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So once you get it out on paper. Does it take it away, or do you continue with
Dawn Ninham: That no i don't like it immediately like it gets it off, like I've said it and
Dawn Ninham: It.
Dawn Ninham: fresh raw. Yeah.
Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, good, then it's doing its job.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If there's something that if there's something that you put in there that needs to respond to. Then I'll respond to it. But other than that, I probably won't for the most time
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Just because it probably doesn't need a response.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That makes sense.
Yep.
Totally
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so what is your plan for this coming week
Dawn Ninham: Oh, for the whole week I'm see to assemble Stover it's already halfway over no okay so
Dawn Ninham: So I got that meeting tomorrow. And then I have mental health Friday. I'm not going to forget because it's on the phone. And then Dr. Friday. And then for the weekend just work on my book and
Dawn Ninham: I don't know.
Dawn Ninham: I need to clean up. Like, I probably should back in my car, but
Dawn Ninham: That's it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And between now and the next time I see you. How many times are you going to be attending meetings.
Dawn Ninham: I have to, to a week plus
Dawn Ninham: With you guys, so I'll have two or three done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Okay, perfect. And they're requiring
Dawn Ninham: By the
Dawn Ninham: Way before Friday. I'll have one done
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You
Dawn Ninham: Know,
Dawn Ninham: three or three done. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And they're requiring you to do, how many to do
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, I think it's on Monday, Wednesdays. It's a woman's group so
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, perfect.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I'm not going to keep you up. You got an appointment to get to. You've got to meet with that lady.
Dawn Ninham: Yes and it's already 1124 but I know what she said she's free from one to five, so
Dawn Ninham: I'm ready.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Be at her door waiting at one o'clock.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, waiting.
Dawn Ninham: Waiting. Exactly. I feel ever just looked him in his look at me to smell like what is going on with these people.
Dawn Ninham: Like you know cuz I don't know I just felt
Dawn Ninham: I was should start it. When I was younger, but a good. No.
Dawn Ninham: Good for me. It's good for my kids, we can
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It will very much so in keep that positive attitude, you know,
Very good.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah.
Dawn Ninham: I get to go outside and it's like it was raining but now it's getting some here. Yay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yay.
Dawn Ninham: Yeah, it was.
Dawn Ninham: Rainy but it will check the dogs. No, no.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, that's good.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, okay, okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So I will have a party at 11
Dawn Ninham: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I will see you then.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. I'll talk to you later.
Dawn Ninham: Okay, bye.
Dawn Ninham: Come on, puppies.
Sherrie Martinez: Let me turn down my TV. Okay, how are you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm good, how are you
Sherrie Martinez: I'm doing good.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What's been happening.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh, nothing much, really just same all stayed at home.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, me too.
Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Just home. That's it, and maybe outing here and there to the grocery store. I'm pretty much that's all
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It. What are you doing for
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What are you doing for your recovery.
Sherrie Martinez: And just
Sherrie Martinez: Just everything that you just my groups on Fridays and speaking with you and I haven't seen my psychiatry is only seen once a month now.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, yeah, I only see him once a month, and I haven't seen him. I will see him until
Sherrie Martinez: 20 22nd, I think, can't remember. I have it written down.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, but
Sherrie Martinez: I'm just doing the usual
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me some of the things that you want to work on.
Sherrie Martinez: Um, hold on.
Sherrie Martinez: Can you, I'm on my meeting. Will you take that and while
Sherrie Martinez: Janet. Will you do that in a while I'm on my baby.
Sherrie Martinez: Thank you.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, sorry.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, so what I want to do is just
Sherrie Martinez: Gosh.
Sherrie Martinez: Just keep doing what I've been doing, just keep up with everything that I, you know, started with you guys and
Sherrie Martinez: And that's it. I don't know what else
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. Is there anything that you can identify that you that you struggle with on a regular basis.
Sherrie Martinez: Um,
Sherrie Martinez: I guess my maybe drinking I struggle with, because I do like to drink, but I don't drink a lot, a lot, but I do so, and I would really like to completely stop that and my smoking too but
Sherrie Martinez: I cut down on smoking, drinking, I cut down to
Sherrie Martinez: But it's not like an everyday thing, but I do like to take up like half my shots here and there.
Sherrie Martinez: But
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Like
Sherrie Martinez: Go ahead. Sorry.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I was gonna say like it. Tell me how many times you drink in a week.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, seven days I drink probably four to five out of the seven days.
Sherrie Martinez: Not all day or anything. I'm not drinking all day long. You know, I have a
Sherrie Martinez: Drink like a gene, but like five and then I'll have another game.
Sherrie Martinez: Three. And then five and then maybe when I go to bed. I'll have another like a little you know the little shooter shots.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I'll have like maybe three of those.
Sherrie Martinez: Three to four times a week, maybe five
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Are you on meds, the right heart.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I'm on Suboxone okay
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And tell me, what does it do physically for you whenever you whenever you take your drink.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know, it just like relaxes me and I just like the feeling of it, like, not the feeling of the busyness the feeling of it it going down my throat. I don't know.
Sherrie Martinez: People think it's weird. I know it's where I like that feeling of the burning of the sensation of the burning in my throat.
Sherrie Martinez: And saw a once I get that feeling down and it's gone, then I'm okay. I feel good. I don't shake i don't i'm not i don't shake or anything for it or anything. I just like that feeling.
Sherrie Martinez: I like that feeling of the coldness and the burning sensation why I don't know if
Sherrie Martinez: That's what I want to know. I don't know why.
Sherrie Martinez: But that's one thing I like why I like to drink.
Sherrie Martinez: Vodka. It's the Smirnoff I drink or not or big goose or one of them.
Sherrie Martinez: And I don't know, I just like the feeling of it, and then I'll have, I'll take one and then about a couple hours later I'll feel like I need another one. And I did another one I'd like the burning again and then I'll have a secret.
Sherrie Martinez: And that I know I need to cut out I'm getting too old for this. But I don't know it's there. Now, I've been doing it. I think a little bit more often now that I've been home.
Sherrie Martinez: before my eyes.
Sherrie Martinez: And stuff. I wouldn't do it as much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you get too much.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: time on your hands.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm getting bored. Yes, I'm getting bored so I'm like, I'm like, we'll have another one, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Might as well.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, so, and I try to keep myself busy, but I'm, I'm just, there's not any more things I could do around the house and everything.
Sherrie Martinez: We do every, you know, the usual dishes has to be done. The laundry, stuff like that. But moving around the I can only move the house around so many times with them. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely
Sherrie Martinez: And so, you know, so that's that's pretty much it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so tell me what level of
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: What level of commitment to you have to stop drinking
Sherrie Martinez: Like, how much do I want it like that. Is that what you mean. Yeah, I want it. Pretty much, yeah. Because I know it's gonna mess up my house. If I don't, eventually will
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, so I really do.
Sherrie Martinez: So I really want. I really want to, but I just, I just need to find something else, you know, to take that paving away.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Very much so. And you're already on Suboxone and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Suboxone usually helps with cravings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, usually
Sherrie Martinez: It does it really it actually is working, it does because I'm not, you know, drinking as much
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, so our goal is to get you to where to that point where you're not drinking at all. Okay. Okay, that's, that's our goal.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is to get to that point if you if you have to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To cut back one shot a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Until you're at no shots a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Tell me what how you would be able to do that.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know. I don't know how I'm able to do that. I just, just not buy it. I guess just not go out and buy it.
Sherrie Martinez: That's the only thing
So, yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Is that something that you think you could do.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, definitely. And sometimes I can't. And I sometimes I don't have money to do it. So I can't. So
Sherrie Martinez: You know, like, okay, well then I
Sherrie Martinez: Know it was that day.
And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: In those times. What do you replace it with
Sherrie Martinez: A sprite water. What do I like I like my ice with a cold, right, or seven up or something that I don't know that helps the craving like that. That's better, because it's cold. It goes down whole
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Icon.
Sherrie Martinez: That's why I like that feeling. I don't know, it's weird.
Sherrie Martinez: And if I get a nice cool thing i or what else would you know what else I like the sonic drinks the ocean waters that will helps it. I think it's a sugar. I don't know. For some reason, it's the sugar.
Sherrie Martinez: You crave all the sweet drinks, which I know I drink water I drink tons and tons of water. I know I have to put my kidney
Sherrie Martinez: Yes. Um, but I do crave this drinks victim.
Sherrie Martinez: Now, yeah. And if I don't drink. I'll just go get some switching. I'll go to like Sonic at night, whatever, but it has to be cold with ice.
Sherrie Martinez: So I can do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, makes perfect sense. And a lot of people that are getting off of opiates and alcohol do have that sugar craving all the time.
Sherrie Martinez: Uh huh. Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I do. I crave sugar. Big time. And when I don't have alcohol. But, you know, and I think I've just do because I'm
Sherrie Martinez: That I've been doing a little bit more because I'm bored.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So what can you replace replace it with like when you have those cravings of sugar.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Instead of going for a drink. What are some of the things that you can change it, change it for that would give you the sugar intake, but not the, the rest of it that you're willing to
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Have around your house.
Sherrie Martinez: I don't know what I don't know something non alcoholic. I've tried that before. It worked for a while. But then I got bored of it.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, so
Sherrie Martinez: I did it. I did it for quite a while and then I got bored and then I went right back.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So you got to combat that boredom.
Sherrie Martinez: You know, dying. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I read an article the other day that was talking about. Yeah. How we combat you know the boredom and really it's just about accepting the fact that in that moment you're bored right
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You're not trying to not trying to replace it, but not adding anything in that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Either but just sitting in the boredom. Does that make sense.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, it does make sense because I've done that before. And I just stable and
Sherrie Martinez: There's nothing else to do but they weren't
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, if I don't have a drink or whatever. I don't have then I've done that I've just sat in my boredom played on my phone, watch something on TV, some, you know,
Sherrie Martinez: That's, that's about it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Offline about
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Finds. Yes. Right, find something to fill that place. What about are you going to any kind of online meetings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A na anything like that.
Sherrie Martinez: No, no, I used to go. We used to. I used to go to them to the church in
Sherrie Martinez: But not anymore. I haven't gone to that in a while.
Sherrie Martinez: But I did use. I used to, but not lately. No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Because most places right now or online, like what we're doing here.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And you can go to a meeting it anytime 24 hours a day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, I can send you let me send you
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: A little chat button.
Sherrie Martinez: A little chat right now. Do I have to press something
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, I'm gonna
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I'm going to chat with you really fast and save you see this. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, I see.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I see it. Yeah. Okay, I think I could do it. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And when you. I'm going to show you this really fast because it's pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, no.
Sherrie Martinez: What happened.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Oh, I was just reading a little message.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's Mike. It's loading to get. Let me get one second.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: On my browser. It says it's fetching
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Can be one second, it's fiction.
Sherrie Martinez: That's fine, no problem.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, let's see.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: My computer is really slow today.
Sherrie Martinez: And you know, I think.
Sherrie Martinez: And then alcohol. I'm old enough to buy it. So it's easy to get. It's not very expensive. So it's a legal it's legal. I you know it's legal. It's not illegal to do so. That's like the easiest thing to get to, kind of, how do I say it self medicate myself sometimes. Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: See what you're doing. I saw some virtual something came in natural
Sherrie Martinez: Virtual me. Okay. So then I'll just have to go find a meeting.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: You want me to click on anything right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No, I'm just taking you to the website to show you
The program.
Sherrie Martinez: OK, I see him the mall.
Sherrie Martinez: But I see what you seen it so it's called virtual in a so I'll write that down. And then I'll look it up, and I just look at
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Exactly trying to load.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: All right, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're when you're bored or when you
Sherrie Martinez: Are always there.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, they're always there. Like you could just go on and they're there, right, you know. Someone's always there.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes. Well, I would like that. I wouldn't mind it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes 24 hours a day. You can go in there and have different meetings and in different areas. You go to a meeting in a different country. If you want to through there. Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh,
Sherrie Martinez: That'd be
Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To check out pretty amazing. Yeah, totally. And so when you're bored.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Pick up your phone login. Take a look, see what's out there you know if you're if you struggle with, with the zoom thing or being on. Oh. Some people get anxiety when they have to go in with a bunch of people that they don't know
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do it, you can do it with your, with your video off and just your voice on and just listen.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: If you want to. They have some by phone, they have some, you know, by zoom by this area, but it, it will help combat that boredom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, when you feel bored and you don't have anything to replace it with do that.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. In those moments. Here's the bigger challenge.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, I love. Thank you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: The biggest challenge is going to be that when the the times that you normally have a dream.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I want you to replace it login
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, not into that. But
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, all right. Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Now it seems pretty cool. That's something I would like
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You can do it. You don't have to go anywhere yet you know they're not opening it yet, but I get you familiar with.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: With the program bits you familiar with, you know how it works and what they do and it fills your head with positivity and recovery and hearing other people's stories you know so takes your mind off of those those cravings in that moment.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know what I mean.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: When you're done, if you as when you get off of it and you go about your normal day. If at any time you start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your mind starts going get your butt back in there and just, just keep listening, just keep doing. And if you if you feel the urge to participate participate
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, I'll do it.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, just
Sherrie Martinez: Traveling. Yeah, that might be good because I used to like going to the meetings.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm
Sherrie Martinez: Do my church here.
Sherrie Martinez: And yet haven't named meetings and I like to outset and back because I was kind of like kind of shy. Don't want to be up there talking but I
Sherrie Martinez: Ended in the back in. I missing to everybody.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, and they went to pressure me to talk or anything like that, but I would just mostly listen and towards the end, I may be some sometimes I'll say a little bit, but most of the time I'm just kind of I got kind of shy right away.
Sherrie Martinez: But i think i think i'd like this one, this one on the phone.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, totally. Because it's right in your own house. You don't have to have your video on if you don't, if you don't feel that you want to. You don't have to participate if
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know you're struggling with that I encourage you to go in and check it out and and just listen for a while. But again, if you start
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: feeling the need
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: To participate start typing away started talking in the meeting start engaging, nobody knows who you are. It's the most anonymous form that you can possibly get which
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Which is right.
Sherrie Martinez: Which is what it's about.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes, and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And again, you can go to go to a meeting in any state in any country and listen to people from around the world. It's pretty amazing.
Sherrie Martinez: I would like that. That would be interesting to me. I would really like
The idea.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, the idea behind it.
Sherrie Martinez: Is it's just my boredom and my cravings.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. And so when you order in to get you to a point where you can go a full day without taking them without taking those shots. Yeah, right.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's not something
Sherrie Martinez: And I know I can do it. But unlike wine, you know. Yeah, I know I can do it. But then when I do feel like I need want to then I'll do that.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Try it and see if you can use it for a replacement for both of those things.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: For boredom.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And for your turkey and see if it helps if we could get you for the first for the first seven days. If we could get you to replace your drink with a meeting, two times out of the day.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: That's successful even one time out of the day is successful. That's progress.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, you know what I mean.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's a process. So it's not something that I it's not something that you're going to fail or pass on.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's something
Sherrie Martinez: You know, to really help me.
Sherrie Martinez: In the long run, yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yes. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So if you tried it one day and, you know, you couldn't replace one for the other at all, then the next day. The next day, get up and try it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, right. We always get up when we try it again.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: We don't stop trying
Sherrie Martinez: No. You try. I don't like to quit.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Not, not a quitter. Oh.
No.
Sherrie Martinez: No.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So how is everything going in your life right now.
Sherrie Martinez: I'm doing good. I'm doing I'm doing that everything's fine. Everything's just move every it's a routine everyday what we've been doing and
Sherrie Martinez: And everything's been okay
Sherrie Martinez: No, nothing bad man, we've been OK.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Ok no issues with anxiety or depression or
Sherrie Martinez: No, I haven't got it for a little bit. It's mostly when I I get really like depressed and down when I'm going to start my period.
Sherrie Martinez: That's when I start getting all that anxiety and emotional wreck and really bad. That's the first the first of the month around the area that's when I get all excited out in freaked out. And that's what I'm doing.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, okay. And you can identify when it's starting to come on yeah
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And so you prepare the house.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's like let them know what's happening. You know, apologize ahead of time. Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Definitely. How's everything with your kids.
Sherrie Martinez: Good my son's working. He works, it goes in at five and it closes and they just go work where
Sherrie Martinez: They've been doing their schoolwork really good, then this is our last week of school.
Sherrie Martinez: And
Sherrie Martinez: And everything's good there. My daughter's with with that up and in Albuquerque in Rio Rancho she'll be home tomorrow.
Sherrie Martinez: And yeah, so
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. So everything that kiddos have good
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Smarter.
Sherrie Martinez: Past past all their, their classes everything so they're good to go. Dallas is going. My daughter Dallas is going to 10th grade next year and my son's going to graduate next year.
Sherrie Martinez: Wow. And then he's leaving to the Navy that's. Remember I told you that's a bad that's some problem I have
Sherrie Martinez: My half that he's gonna leave me. I don't like it.
Sherrie Martinez: But what go
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a tough one. That's where your anxiety starts a reason and where your emotions are going a little crazy.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Your fear was
Sherrie Martinez: Thinking about it and I know it's gonna get worse when we get closer, I know it's gonna be a file because he still has a whole year, but I know it's gonna get close to that. I'm going to start freaking out.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: But make sense.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, we talked about it and we spent a lot of time together.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And what does he say about it.
Sherrie Martinez: He's excited he wants to go. He's been doing every all his tests, everything has to get done. And he's happy he wants to go. He just at least wants to try it out. And I said, Okay, and you don't like it, call me I'll get you
Sherrie Martinez: I'll get to meet Lee, I'll get you set homes on whatever
Sherrie Martinez: But go ahead. I can't tell. No, because he's already. His mind is set on
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And it's
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not a bad
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's not a bad decision. You know what I mean you know if if he really likes it, he can make a career out of it, you know.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, and I hope he does. I just want him to be safe.
Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Understandable.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's tough when our kids pick you know make these hard choices and choose something that we know could possibly put them in some kind of danger, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that that's the tough part about it but supporting him and
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You know, walking through this with him is going to be huge, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Definitely
Yeah.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And, you know, once he goes through it, whether he stays in it or not there's gonna come a point in time where you and him are gonna be able to sit and talk about now.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And how afraid. How afraid you were you know that something's going to happen. You know what I mean.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, I'm such a baby, you're fine. And look at how awesome you came out to be, and turned out to be. And I'm going to look back on this be like this is stupid. Why did I get away with. I think you'll be okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think he will be to, you know,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I think you'll have some pretty good experiences.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And hopefully he'll be able to go to some pretty
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Awesome places.
Sherrie Martinez: Places. Yeah, he's never been out of New Mexico. So, you know, so this will be like a whole new wow this is gonna be crazy to him.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah. Well, he's I don't even think he's seen the ocean, he's never seen the ocean. Well, I took him to Florida when he was like, like, three, but he doesn't remember
Sherrie Martinez: So I took him to Daytona and Clearwater, but he was just a baby you know Pampers still so she doesn't remember being at the ocean. So I think he's you know he's gonna be on the ocean and and he's a good swimmer and everything. And I think that's why he likes it because he loves water.
So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Wow.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Yeah. Yep.
Sherrie Martinez: He was living since he was like one I had him in the water pools.
Sherrie Martinez: Beaches everywhere. I had him, and then he just loved the water. Ever since since he was a kid. He's love to swim.
Sherrie Martinez: He's been easy.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: So,
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: And that's what made him choose the Navy.
Sherrie Martinez: I think so yeah it. Yeah. And then I don't know what. And I think some kind of there was a polka, for she wants to come and work in Los Alamos
Sherrie Martinez: To be something in Los Alamos, and I think he has to do join the Navy to work at Los Alamos labs or something. I don't remember what he's told me a million times and I forget what it's called.
Sherrie Martinez: And he's already going to Northern he's ready started college classes in northern up in Espanola were less else by Los Alamos
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Uh huh.
Sherrie Martinez: So he already started classes there. But he doesn't need to go to the Navy to do what he wants to do.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So it's for a career change. It's for career career on training that he's going
Sherrie Martinez: To the me. Yes.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I love that.
Okay.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah.
Sherrie Martinez: Oh no, is my, my wife, and he wanted to get lunch. He was wondering if we're ready. I was done get lunch.
Sherrie Martinez: I haven't logged in the room.
Sherrie Martinez: I locked in the room.
Sherrie Martinez: Don't go to the room.
Sherrie Martinez: Set out to look at me.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It's time for lunch. I'm hungry.
Sherrie Martinez: Yeah, yeah, that's what you say.
Sherrie Martinez: Because I've had him locked in there for quite a while.
Sherrie Martinez: But I could hear him he's watching a movie or something. You're blasting it in there.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Alright, so I'm going to let you get over here and go to lunch. So you have homework to do.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes, we
Sherrie Martinez: My virtual me and then I
Sherrie Martinez: See you guys on Friday again.
Sherrie Martinez: Yes. Every Friday, and I'm going to work on my on that I want to check it out. It looks pretty cool.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. And then next week.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: It'll be
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: You and I will meet and it's 12 o'clock. Your time 11 O'clock 12 O'clock my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: One o'clock. Your time that you and I will meet
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, so last time I have 1130 down so I clocked in 1130 my time. So I'll clock in at 12 my time.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: I mean I have you
Sherrie Martinez: 12 yeah
Sherrie Martinez: Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: No 12 O'clock my time. I'm an hour behind you.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: So one o'clock, your time. So you're going to check in. I
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: See this one hour time change thing is just
Sherrie Martinez: Lost 40 slides. So I'll check on that 145
OK. OK.
Sherrie Martinez: OK. Alrighty, next Wednesday at 1245
And
Sherrie Martinez: Sure.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Keep a log of what you were able to do you know what I mean I'm care if you keep it in your head, but keep a log on a day to day on on whether it works when it works or if it didn't work. Okay.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay. All right.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, thank you. I sure will. Thank you for your help.
Rebecca Antoinette Evans: Okay, I will see you Friday.
Sherrie Martinez: Okay, bye bye. Okay.
Bye.